more
an old almost smoothly through otherwise their skin has a special one
surface structure
the Inuit have a singing hour of it future body shapes
the 4th
All are because their elegant mobility almost unbeatable
the
The manufacturers of swimming goggles have protected these patents of nature
transferred to the human body
the result of high-tech swimming suits
He plays a lot of effort produced in the controversial in the future, possibly quite
forbidden
What this second skin really does bring to the striker
Sports scientist in Leipzig schied examined
the results the high-tech suits make less turbulence
Less fuel is produced and the swimming movements are exactly on
many athletes feel in a new suit
like a fish in the water
when you enter the harbors under water
percent makes 111 5 points there
and already give the feeling that children are up
if a swimmer has only a leisurely one
then there are significantly more eddies
especially at the edges of the body shape
and what's left
The swimmer has to be much stronger against the same strong current
fight
Swimsuits at the same speed and in the middle of
Civil War Wenzel
So that means the sport celebrities as migrants to stimulate the
same speed
and you can do that
do not fulfill in any way
still wise
One reason why the suit is faster is because of it
surface
therefore, the water rolls off easily
Streamlined surfaces have researchers on the skin of sharks
discovered
they have developed a material that resembles a fine film structure to 6
the one of a price
the result
their headquarters are much less resistant to the current
as smooth surfaces
some swimsuits use such rules structures
times closer to less group
the optimization of the body shape and the water-repellent surface
for those on the train it's faster the two recipes around the float faster
to make promptly gets to allow second
the increase in performance surprised even scientists
that's interesting that that's Saab's influence on that scale
I personally
Out as Australia she was not just expecting because of the injuries
would have
did
the air is also the best swimmer Jobs does not make a world champion alone
Kraft's endurance and technology are still indispensable
has the nose in front
Who with his body imitate the movements of a dolphin particularly well
can
There will also be in the future
with Rite Aid swimsuit
or in a classic outfit